So protective, I'm not afraid of others gossiping
Am I defending my own wife?
Are you afraid? I'm not afraid
Xia Xiner gave birth to a son for you after all
You really do that?
You're so sure that child is mine?
He won't know anything, will he?
It is also as cute as a chicken.
You can't have such a lovely son
What the hell are you doing?
Courtyard, you are finally willing to answer my call
I have a fever.
Can you come and see me?
You have a fever and should see a doctor
Yard, you weren't like this before
Be careful, I have nothing to do with you anymore
Garden I know you still like me
And we have kids
You forgot enough
Be careful for a while. Did you give birth to that child?
Does the pavilion already know the truth?